Will it beはべやきうど
Or everyone else
Fall in love
Don't getと思います
Let me put an order
I'll bring fire
Please talk
Oh, no!
I'm in trouble.
I'll get in trouble if I turn around.
How about a cake?
I'm in trouble.
I'm in trouble because I like cakes.
Please tell me this.
What are you doing?
I'm afraid.
What is it?
I want you to eat a bowl of udon.
What?
I can't eat udon.
I'm not a bad person.
Do you know Tahei, the carpenter?
I don't know.
I know.
He was my friend.
I'm telling you now.
You know Tahei.
He was my friend.
I did my job.
He came to me that day.
What?
I'm not happy.
Congratulations.
That's a good way to say it.
It's Come on.
Congratulations.
Then congratulations.
What?
But I'm not happy.
but at least you had to sleep.
I wondered if it would be nice to have pledged
butOO
you should have unloaded that
but Ode snow
That kind of and Hakodate
bananas hidden.
I saw you at the rental house at Iaimu.
You have just arrived there.
I thought you were on dialysis.
So I came to get you the
He was with her class and had no sense of shipQUnight.
He
I'm sorry for my bad luck.